Dad, is he alright?
It's okay, he's just too tired
This kid has perseverance
Kowtow so much
And she's pregnant.
Dad, everyone has done it to this extent, so you can
Since the last time I gave your mother the wrong medicine
After his death
I swore I would never treat anyone again
Because I'm afraid of hurting others
But this kid is too religious
If I don't reach out
Our ancestral graves will run away from the rain
Dad?
You promised to save her husband.
He's asleep.
You walk slowly to save him
Qin Lao Qin Lao
I finally meet you.
Please save me my lord please
Please, please, please take me to your house
You promised.
You also come to see the doctor in person
It must be a traditional Chinese doctor
How is that possible?
What kind of national medicine holy hand is the child?
But don't worry.
I will do everything in my power to save your husband
Groom, can I be saved?
It depends on your mentality.
Psychosis can't beat you
Leave it to me.
Girl, find me a place to write pharmacy
Diligent please come with me
sunny
I came out to tell you about Xiaolin's situation.
What's the situation with the clear ice?
He was very sick.
Hey, you can only live for a month at most